ok I get it I'm in net for 1/3 cup
nectar but the pen is gonna heat the
paper with the problem and the incubator
remember that was the creature maker
never need the Secord the beetle tape
was the teacher later
please don't like this
here guys with a kind of quick and dirty
knife review it's it's not going to be a
review just kind of a presentation of
what I had and what I'm going to go
ahead and get or what I have already
gotten but I'm gonna go and test out
here was my EDC was a Gerber oh six fast
Toronto serrated I lost that at Bear
Lake a recent camping trip that I was on
and I decided you know might as well get
into some knife to testing cuz I haven't
done very many knife reviews now this is
my current collection you know nothing
fancy this is a very sharp a very simple
winchester blade here got that as a gift
my my conditions for everyday carry
knives our spring-assisted has to be
able to fold and flip in my pocket and i
like having a glass break feature so
this was my everyday carry for a very
long time until i upgraded to the gerber
o6 faster all this is a it's got a
locking mechanism here it's the smaller
version of it
it's a gerber fast knife as well spring
assisted and you just push this button
down in it it locks back into place it
you just flip it a little bit and it
pops open so that has become my everyday
hunting knife now I decided I wanted
something more in my car at all times
but I just wanted the cheap quick fast
and dirty knife that I could have a
glass breaker on just in case for some
reason
god forbid I I hop off a bridge in my
car and I don't have my EDC knife with
me this is a attack force T f 7o v gy
now it's a cheap cheap knife not quality
made or anything but it is
spring-assisted
and it does have a glass breaker at the
end so this is one I found off Amazon
for very very cheap $8.00 I'll link it
below but you know this is not a fancy
knife by any sort of means and would not
be my everyday carry it's just a knife
that I got for the glass break feature
right there in case like I said in my
car never hops off a bridge it's not too
bad I mean for the price you get what
you pay for now to my new everyday carry
a beautiful beautiful knife very very
evenly distributed as far as weight goes
so far I love it it's a Smith & Wesson
SW mpls no sorry
SW MP 4 LS is what it is
it's spring-assisted so a meet meets my
criteria I like a full blade and this
one has a 3.6 inch blade and a 5 inch
handle very very similar in size and
weight to my old one but I think it's a
it's a step in the right direction
Gerber's knives are always expensive
there are always high-quality and I
would recommend the Gerber oh six fast
to anybody but I've been carrying that
knife everyday for about three years now
so I decided to switch it up this M&P is
is charmingly awesome so far and I will
do a full extensive review once I've
carried it for a while and got a feel
for it it has an external safety right
there that will either lock the blade
into place or keep it from springing
you've got to be careful I cut myself
with this earlier it's really really
sharp and it's it's got that lock right
there once you push it back then this
this button pops up and it's a little
bit awkward to get used to but once you
get used to it it's really really nice
and you just push this button
after you unlock it that's locked and
this is the unlock position just push
this little button and bam there she
goes it's a forty 34 stainless steel
blade it's very very evenly distributed
as far as weight I like how heavy the
handle is and how you know it rests in
my hands and doesn't want to fall over
like a cheaper blade such as this you
know like you rested in your hand you
can't because because the handle is just
too light not very quality product so
this is a quality product one of Smith
and Weston's more famous knives I guess
if you want to call it popular is is as
what I would put it as it's got a nice
serrated edge there and a nice blade up
front it does have a glass breaker
feature right here
so again my my EDC knife options and
requirements are spring-assisted blade
and also a glass breaker so this fits
both of those criteria my my Gerber fast
I was six did not have the glass break
feature which is something I've been
looking for in an EDC for a while so
otherwise it's a really good knife so
far I've carried it for two or three
days and I've loved it it's it's quite
heavy for a blade but I like having some
weight to my blades because makes it so
you know it's there and also makes it
feel like it's more quality than than a
you know a lighter blade and the Gerber
o6 was a nice heavy blade and it matched
about this criteria just didn't have the
crack glass breaker
I think this knife is a lot more
tactically sexy I guess is what you
would call it but yeah so I'll do a full
review after I have Eadie seated for you
know a good period of time but
for now that was just a quick and dirty
review of my new EDC not really reviewed
just a kind of a short highlight reel of
my knives and the ones I have in my
current collection looking to expand it
and do more knife reviews and do more
knife video so more to come and there's
a close-up of all the knives
there's the Winchester the Gerber the
baby girl res I like to call it the tack
force and the Smith & Wesson M&P SW mp4
LS and this is the who signing off check
my channel like subscribe all the above
if you would like and I will follow this
up with a full review once I get a good
feel for this knife so far it's it's a
really good feature I mean it's a really
good addition to my daily carry and I
really like it otherwise you guys have a
good one
tylenol the definite you saw the cloud
and now stopping with that tile amount
of it ii said i they know that defines
you